GEN 1:1 In the beginning Elohim created the heaven and the earth.
GEN 1:2 And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness [was] upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of Elohim moved upon the face of the waters.
GEN 1:3 And Elohim said, Let there be light: and there was light.
GEN 1:4 And Elohim saw the light, that [it was] good: and Elohim divided the light from the darkness.
GEN 1:5 And Elohim called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.
GEN 1:6 ¶ And Elohim said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.
GEN 1:7 And Elohim made the firmament, and divided the waters which [were] under the firmament from the waters which [were] above the firmament: and it was so.
GEN 1:8 And Elohim called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day.
GEN 1:9 ¶ And Elohim said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry [land] appear: and it was so.
GEN 1:10 And Elohim called the dry [land] Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and Elohim saw that [it was] good.
GEN 1:11 And Elohim said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, [and] the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed [is] in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.
GEN 1:12 And the earth brought forth grass, [and] herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed [was] in itself, after his kind: and Elohim saw that [it was] good.
GEN 1:13 And the evening and the morning were the third day.
GEN 1:14 ¶ And Elohim said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:
GEN 1:15 And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was so.
GEN 1:16 And Elohim made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: [he made] the stars also.
GEN 1:17 And Elohim set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth,
GEN 1:18 And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness: and Elohim saw that [it was] good.
GEN 1:19 And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.
GEN 1:20 And Elohim said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life, and fowl [that] may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven.
GEN 1:21 And Elohim created great whales, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind: and Elohim saw that [it was] good.
GEN 1:22 And Elohim blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth.
GEN 1:23 And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.
GEN 1:24 ¶ And Elohim said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his kind: and it was so.
GEN 1:25 And Elohim made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind: and Elohim saw that [it was] good.
GEN 1:26 ¶ And Elohim said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.
GEN 1:27 So Elohim created man in his [own] image, in the image of Elohim created he him; male and female created he them.
GEN 1:28 And Elohim blessed them, and Elohim said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.
GEN 1:29 ¶ And Elohim said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which [is] upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which [is] the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.
GEN 1:30 And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein [there is] life, [I have given] every green herb for meat: and it was so.
GEN 1:31 And Elohim saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, [it was] very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.
GEN 2:1 Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them.
GEN 2:2 And on the seventh day Elohim ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.
GEN 2:3 And Elohim blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which Elohim created and made.
GEN 2:4 ¶ These [are] the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that the Yehovah Elohim made the earth and the heavens,
GEN 2:5 And every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew: for the Yehovah Elohim had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and [there was] not a man to till the ground.
GEN 2:6 But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground.
GEN 2:7 And the Yehovah Elohim formed man [of] the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.
GEN 2:8 ¶ And the Yehovah Elohim planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he put the man whom he had formed.
GEN 2:9 And out of the ground made the Yehovah Elohim to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.

